Improve windows setup process (#2079)
e-valuation/EvaP: README.md

You can also set up `pylint`, `isort`, `black` and `prettier` in your IDE to avoid doing this manually all the time.

### Creating a Pull Request (Workflow Suggestion)

> 1. (once) [Fork](https://github.com/e-valuation/EvaP/fork) the repository so you have a GitHub Repo that you have write access to.
> 
> 2. (once) Set up some Authentication for GitHub that allows push access. A common option is using [SSH keys](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/about-ssh), the remaining instructions assume an SSH key setup. An alternative is using the [GitHub CLI tool](https://cli.github.com/).

Author: Note to self: Recheck capitalization for the whole file
```suggestion
1. (once) [Fork](https://github.com/e-valuation/EvaP/fork) the repository so you have a GitHub repo that you have write access to.

2. (once) Set up some authentication for GitHub that allows push access. A common option is using [SSH keys](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/about-ssh), the remaining instructions assume an SSH key setup. An alternative is using the [GitHub CLI tool](https://cli.github.com/).
```

3. (once) Ensure your [git remotes](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Working-with-Remotes) are setup to use SSH. To fetch the up-to-date state of the official repo, it's always useful to have an "upstream" remote configured:
   ```bash
   git remote set-url origin git@github.com:<your-username>/EvaP.git

>    git remote add upstream git@github.com:e-valuation/EvaP.git

Reviewer: Huh, when did they change that `set-url` actually sets both fetch and push urls? I thought I remembered that it was odd that you always had to run it once without and once with `--push` to actually set both urls, but this here works also for me :D

I wonder if we should maybe provide a more idempotent set of commands here:
```bash
git remote remove origin
git remote add origin git@github.com:<your-username>/EvaP.git
git remote add upstream git@github.com:e-valuation/EvaP.git
```

Author: > Huh, when did they change that set-url actually sets both fetch and push urls? I thought I remembered that it was odd that you always had to run it once without and once with --push to actually set both urls, but this here works also for me :D

Fair point. The way I understand the documentation, `set-url` without any further arguments will simply change the "first" url configured for the remote, and perhaps this is the push and pull url with the trivial setup after cloning? That would mean you'd have to manually set the push url once you specified a separate push url -- that would make sense to me.

I didn't want to mess with the origin branch in any way that could mess up the upstream-branch configuration for main, that's why I wanted to keep origin around but re-point it, but I see the argument about idempotency. How does a branch "remember" its upstream branch, is it just by name, or is it messed up after removing the remote and adding a new remote with the same name?

Author: Removing and re-adding the remote breaks the branch upstream configuration of existing branches. `set-url` should be as idempotent as remove-add. The main disadvantage of `set-url` is if multiple URLs are configured, but we don't expect that here (otherwise the user probably knows how remotes work).

Left as `set-url` for now. We'll see if we run into any trouble with it.

   ```

> 4. Create a branch (`git branch -c <your-branch-name>`), commit your changes (`git add` and `git commit`), and push them (`git push`). "Push" will ask you to specify an upstream branch (`git push -u origin <your-branch-name>`).

Reviewer: Did you mean this?
```suggestion
4. Create a branch (`git switch -c <your-branch-name>`), commit your changes (`git add` and `git commit`), and push them (`git push`). "Push" will ask you to specify an upstream branch (`git push -u origin <your-branch-name>`).
```

> 5. GitHub should now ask you whether you want to open a Pull Request when reloading the page. If the PR solves an issue, use one of GitHub's [magic keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) (like "fixes") in the commit message or pull request text to create a link between your PR and the issue.

Reviewer: "If necessary, please also provide a short summary of your changes in the description of your Pull Request."? Or do we not want to omit this in favor of brevity?

> 5. GitHub should now ask you whether you want to open a Pull Request when reloading the page. If the PR solves an issue, use one of GitHub's [magic keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) (like "fixes") in the commit message or pull request text to create a link between your PR and the issue.

Reviewer: "when reloading the page" -> which page are we talking about here? How about "on the Github page of your fork" or so?

"pull request text" -> "pull request description"? (I would also prefer to not encourage users to mention issue numbers in commits)

Author: The sentence starts with "GitHub", so that's probably fine? We can also completely omit the "when reloading the page", users will probably figure that out sooner or later.

Yeah sounds good. Updated version:
```suggestion
5. GitHub should now ask you whether you want to open a Pull Request. If the PR solves an issue, use one of GitHub's [magic keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) (like "fixes") in the pull request description to create a link between your PR and the issue.
```
